[CIAPP-3783] Add job logs collection mention to exploring pipelines page (#13331)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/explore_pipelines.md

The pipeline execution list at the bottom shows all the times that pipeline (or its stages or jobs) ran during the selected time frame, for the selected branch. Use the facets on the left side to filter the list to exactly the pipelines, stages, or jobs you want to see.

### Explore connections to services, resources and network events

Click one of the executions to open the pipeline execution view and see the flame graph or span list for the pipeline and its stages. The _Executions (n)_ list on the left side gives you quick access to the data for each retry of the pipeline for the same commit.

Click the CI provider link (`gitlab-ci gitlab.pipeline > documentation` in the following image) to investigate the Resource, Service, or Analytics page for the pipeline, stage, or job specifically. You can also find complete tags information and links to network monitoring events.

{{< img src="ci/ci-pipeline-execution.png" alt="Trace info for pipeline execution" style="width:100%;">}}

### Explore connections to logs

> If job log collection is enabled for the pipeline provider, you'll also be able to find related log events in the Logs tab of the pipeline execution view. Note that job log collection is currently only supported for [Jenkins][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If job log collection is supported and enabled for the CI provider, related log events can be found in the _Logs_ tab of the pipeline execution view.

**Note**: job log collection is currently only supported for [Jenkins][2].
```

The pipeline execution list at the bottom shows all the times that pipeline (or its stages or jobs) ran during the selected time frame, for the selected branch. Use the facets on the left side to filter the list to exactly the pipelines, stages, or jobs you want to see.

> ### Explore connections to services, resources and network events

Reviewer 2: We still want that Oxford comma ;)
```suggestion
### Explore connections to services, resources, and network events
```

Click one of the executions to open the pipeline execution view and see the flame graph or span list for the pipeline and its stages. The _Executions (n)_ list on the left side gives you quick access to the data for each retry of the pipeline for the same commit.

Click the CI provider link (`gitlab-ci gitlab.pipeline > documentation` in the following image) to investigate the Resource, Service, or Analytics page for the pipeline, stage, or job specifically. You can also find complete tags information and links to network monitoring events.

{{< img src="ci/ci-pipeline-execution.png" alt="Trace info for pipeline execution" style="width:100%;">}}

### Explore connections to logs

If job log collection is supported and enabled for the CI provider, related log events can be found in the _Logs_ tab of the pipeline execution view.

> **Note**: job log collection is currently only supported for [Jenkins][2].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Job log collection is only supported for [Jenkins][2].
```
